Hello, welcome and thank you for participating in this user test. Today we will be exploring a new Kiehl's recommendation tool designed to help you find university courses tailored to your interests and study situation. I will guide you through each step and provide any necessary instructions. So, first a small overview of the tool, what does the tool do and so on. This tool helps you discover university courses by allowing you to import your preferences in natural language. You can specify topics you are interested in, topics you want to exclude, language preferences, ECTS, previously taken courses, school departments and more. Make sure to describe your current study situation including your main subject, minor, semester, study level and any other relevant details. Think about what your ideal course would look like. Consider describing multiple types of courses you would like. First task is to describe your course, consider your current study situation and what topics should be included. Should it build on previous courses you have taken, are there specific ECTS credits or prerequisites you require? Use the tool, enter your thoughts and preferences into the tool as if you were describing your ideal courses. It is important that you talk us through your process. You have to describe what you are doing, which buttons you click, why you do what, what are your assumptions and so on. Then you will be shown two lists at the end and you have to say for you which list is more relevant to you or which list contains the better recommendations. The first thing I can see here is an overview screen with a big box where it says your study preferences. I assume that I am going to type in my prompt there, input your study preferences. I am already thinking about my master's because I am going to start my master's soon. At the moment I am thinking about going into the bioinformatics section. Let's see, I am first going to describe who I am. I am Bene, I am just finishing my bachelor's in computer science and looking for master's courses on topics in bioinformatics. Let's not get more specific now, let's just start like that and maybe later I can also look into neuroscience. It loads now. Nice, first thing, Programmierpraktikum Bioinformatics. Now you will be shown the two lists. This is the first list you are looking at right now. Programmierpraktikum, just the titles, right? You can already look at the description. What do I compare the list, titles and descriptions and AI summary? The idea is that you focus on what is relevant for you. Is this course really relevant for you, is this course relevant for you and so on. Programmierpraktikum Bioinformatics. This module is programming internship in Berlin, which is relevant but primarily aimed at bachelor's students and taught in Germany. Good information on top, this is mainly for bachelor's students. The same thing that I can see here, study level bachelor. Nice, but maybe, let's have a look. Selected topics in algorithmic bioinformatics. This module is suitable for both bachelor's and master's levels. Nice, and covers advanced topics in algorithmic bioinformatics. Advanced topics, I don't know if I'm suited for that already because I just want to go in the bioinformatics section. What can I see here, module prerequisites. Okay, looks like, because here Grundlagen, Algorithmen, Datenstrukturen. I have, but the Effiziente Algorithmen, Datenstrukturen, I don't have it yet. But I can also not see it in the prerequisites. I think I'm actually suited for this module, so I like this one. Bioinformatische Ressourcen. So, study level bachelor's. Yeah, let's see, can I go into the second list already? Yes, so basically, right. So, I like Ausgewählte Themen in Algorithmischer Bioinformatik, this course. Okay. I could imagine taking. Okay. Now you're looking at the other list. Okay, second list, Praktikum Informatik, Dienste für das Bioinformatiklabor. Yeah, it looks also very good, actually. It looks even better than the first other one. Because it's A in the bachelor's and master's. Let's read the summary. This module is taught in English and focuses on practical skills in bioinformatics, which is relevant for a master's student transitioning from a bachelor's in computer science. It covers setting up infrastructure for bioinformatics labs, which is crucial for bioinformatics research. Nice, this actually sounds perfect. So, I like the first one. Ausgewählte Themen in Algorithmischer Bioinformatik, that's what I just had. Also very nice. Algorithmischer Bioinformatik, this is also for bachelor's and master's, I see it here. Okay, the second list is better, actually. Because the first three topics all fit for me, and for the first list was only one topic. Okay, thank you. Then I have the second task. I will just save your prompt for later. Let's go to the second task. The second task is basically the same. You should use the system. But now you don't have to think about your current situation, but you have to think about a course you may have already taken or you may really know well. And you are in a position where you are searching for exactly this course, but you cannot mention it. You should just mention what are the topics, the course. You would be a student who is interested in exactly that course, but... Okay, I'm trying to find this course, but I can't say it. Yeah. And it should resemble you in the situation currently, where you have been maybe one year ago, where you searched exactly for this course, and now you are... Yeah, I remember one and a half years ago when I had to do my practicum for bachelor's, I searched for a practicum. It's called iPracticum. It's about developing iOS applications. And... Okay, so... How can I search for iPracticum? So it's... I'm Bene. I'm in my bachelor's. I... I'm looking for a practical course on programming iOS applications. And what else could I say? Yeah, I think that's enough for now. Modules. It's loading. Okay, I forgot to mention that I'm studying informatics, but still... Okay, what was the first... Can I go to LLM Modules, the better one from before? Yeah, if you cannot find it here, then maybe it's there. Okay, this is quite close already. The first one in LLM Modules. This is not iOS-specific, but it got the application part right. I mean, the first one totally got it wrong, because it's like Technisch-Chemisches Praktikum. Let me see if I can find it already here in Social Gaming. Okay, these are all quite good, but... Let's see. Okay, maybe I'm going to mention that I'm studying in my bachelor's informatics. Informatics. Informatics. And I'm also going to mention that it has 10 ECTS. Maybe that helps the system. Let's see, maybe I'm going to remove the 10 ECTS, because that's quite specific. Maybe it doesn't find something in there. Okay. Seems that some filters are... Okay, so now I got new modules. So, Projekt Praktikum Python. That sounds quite close. I'm actually not sure if it's listed here, if iPraktikum can even be found, because it's like various... I think it's listed under Praktikum in general, in Computer Science. Let's try a different course, I would say. I got one cool course that I took last semester, Business Analytics and Machine Learning, which should be in the list of courses. So, I've been studying informatics in my bachelor's. Okay, got some typos there. Let's test if it also gets the typos. Stress testing. I'm in my bachelor's. Interested in machine learning on business applications. So, analyzing business data. Let's see what we got. Okay, still loading. Okay, nice. Basic mathematical methods for image visualization. Business Analytics and Machine Learning, the second one. Let's see. Oh yeah, the LLM modules. The modules doesn't appear in the top, but the LLM modules appears in the very top. So nice. Perfect. Okay, so in both tasks you now had, both, list two was better. Yeah, list two was definitely better. Okay, good to know. Then, for the last part, I want you to look at the filters and tell me if there was something, or if you would do something else here, if you now have a look at the filters of the system. Okay. You can just describe the filters. So, first filter, Computation Information Technology. Perfect, that's my school. The department, Computation Information Technology departments. Computer Engineering is also there. It marked all, but, computer science, but yeah, it's fine. Study level, bachelor's, also right. Language preference, okay, I didn't mention anything. All selected, nice. ECTS range, full range, digital score. Yeah, okay, I don't care about that. Topics, business applications, business data analysis and machine learning, yeah. What does it have? Business software. Okay, yeah. I don't even know if I could find so many topics there. Okay, previous modules. Previous modules, okay. All the filters, I would do the same. Okay. But I couldn't find so many topics. It was clear to you that you could also mention previous modules here? Okay, no, I didn't know that. Good to know, just a question. So, I can also tell the system that I've done that course as a prerequisite already. And then, for the last part, I would like you to just fill out this usability scale. You can just mark for each what you would like to do. And other than that, thank you for your time and have a nice day. Nice, I'm looking forward to the website. I'm going to be a heavy user. Thank you.