Welcome and thank you for participating in this user study. Today we will be exploring a new course recommendation tool designed to help you find university courses tailored to your interests and study situation. I will guide you through each task and provide any necessary instructions. First of all, an overview of the tool or what the tool does is basically you can give a natural language input and just write a paragraph about your study situation, about the content of the course, maybe about topics that interest you in general, but also about if you're more or less like a learning by doing type, but about everything that is interesting for you in a university course and is aligning with your study situation. Your study situation could be something like how many ECTS credits you need if you're in the Masters or Bachelors, your minors, your major maybe. A semester could also be relevant like everything you can think of and you can also consider describing multiple courses or multiple different topics of course. Let's get to your first task. Describe your ideal course. So basically imagine you're studying right now in your last semester in your Bachelors and maybe you're looking for specific Master courses you can already do. Maybe you can also look for Bachelor courses if you need some more. And then after you describe them, you can look at the two lists that were generated and you can just talk about it. Also describe why you are using the system. You can describe it and also look at the filters that got extracted and then just describe how you find the recommendations and maybe which list is better and which list is more relevant to you, has more relevant recommendations. Any questions? So just one course, not an entire study for now? Yeah, for now just describe one course and yeah. Okay, so the course I'm looking for a course in AI, in particular machine learning with a lot of learning by doing and also some business content. The course should have around 6-8 ECTS and preferably be in English. I would love a course to start in winter 2020, winter slash fall 2024. Is that enough? Yeah. Just submit. Good, good, good. Alright. Okay, now describe what you can see and... Yeah, so mathematic foundations of neuronal networks it's in English, it's a master course, 6-8 ECTS looks pretty good. The mathematical foundations of machine learning also also in English, also 6-8 ECTS. Yeah, just rank the top 5 or just look at the top 5 and yeah, legal data science, that also looks perfectly fine, all of them are in English as I can see, which was also 8 ECTS perfect. Okay. Then the LLM modules Okay, and in LLM modules we have also the same legal data science and informatics also with a nice AI summary, which gives a very quick overview. Yes, it fits the ECTS requirements, that's true. Machine learning for 3D geometry or machine learning with practical limitations, yes. Yeah, but business content is missing, yeah, that's true. Introduction to deep learning Yeah, unfortunately also missing business content, but overall this one, yeah, statistical foundations of learning, that one that one looks nice, it also has the same, the perfect amount of ECTS and also some what is it called, some business, maybe Yeah. Okay, thank you. So, which list would you say is better? I would actually think the LLM modules list, because it's a bit more diverse. Okay, thank you. Um Okay Then Okay, then let's go to the second task. The second task is recalling a previous course, so imagine yourself maybe one year ago, and you wanted to take some course, maybe that you have already taken now, but let's imagine you cannot find a name, and you are just thinking about topics and, yeah, how the course should be structured for your previous study situation So, this would be your task now and you should try to find the previous course with the in the list Okay, okay, okay. So Um, looking for a course that I have. Maybe you could date the previous course Ah, I'm talking about Theoretische Informatik Okay. I feel in Theoretische Informatik So, I'm looking for a course that I had in summer during summer semester If the focus is a lot on automators and theory of computer science The teacher talked a lot about Turing machines and also about regex The course had eight ECTS and there were exercisers exercises every week every week and a class twice a bi-weekly Okay, submit Let's see. And the first result is actually the one I was looking for. I'm doing Theoretische Informatik So, that was successful and also like modules and LLM modules like ranked it first for both Okay, that's nice to hear. Then maybe you could just take a moment to rank. Let's look at the top five rankings for each list and just compare them a little bit and see if there's like which might be better if you're looking for a similar course than Theoretische Informatik Okay Complexity Theory So, in the top five of the second list, is there a relevant course? Yes, Complexity Theory looks very similar because it also talks about Complexity Theory and also there is the prerequisite module Einf端ge in die Theoretische Informatik, which is very nice and then also the second one, Automator and Formal Languages also has Einf端ge in die Theoretische Informatik and also shows me another course that might be relevant for that which is very nice and I feel like all the courses in the top five have the same prerequisites and in the other list, in the first list, there's also always the prerequisite module is also Einf端ge in die Theoretische Informatik or similar prerequisites for Einf端ge in die Theoretische Informatik, so it overlaps quite a lot. Okay, so do you have any preference for the top five modules? Yeah, I would say the LLM modules, so list number two Okay, thank you. Good thank you for your time, then I just want you the last task would be to fill out a small usability survey and before we do that, you can give me some feedback, maybe what could be improved and which kind of filters maybe were missing to you Yes, let me have a look at the filters, sorry Yeah, so computation, I think that's the proper department Yeah, I mean here it is more about if you would like more filters, what would you like to specify as well maybe and what maybe it would help if you give like summer semester or spring or fall or winter semester maybe, I don't know if you have that here So just if I'm like checking this website in summer So the semester, like the season, you want to specify the season so that it's really available in this semester Thank you very much